---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
---
Hi! I'm Nick Pucci and I'm a Computer Science major. I'm aspiring to become a procifient software, data, or machine learning engineer. I love being a part of teams and building solutions that solve challenging problems and facilitate our daily lives. To me, there is nothing more rewarding than watching your work produce results and help the lives of others.
When I first came to the University of Alabama, I started my majoring in Computer Engineering. I started my first co-op semester with Adtran in Januaray 2023 when I was a sophomore. I had never been around so many intelligent people in my life when I first went there. It was truly inspiring and motivating to me. It made me believe that there was nothing that I could not reach without hard work. And after working there for one semester, I found I was more interested in the software side of engineering, so I decided to switch to Computer Science as my major. I gained a ton of knowledge about what it truly means to work in the tech industry and how software teams in this day in age are operating and producing products and services. I learned how I can become a contributing team member and become a better learner. My hope after graduation is to land a job in software/data engineering or become a machine learning specialist. I also intend to pursue a Master's degree in Data Science or Machine Learning.

I have a ton of hobbies as I can never stick with one. I love to try new things. Some of my favorite hobbies include playing piano, marathon/triathlon training, and creating games. Currently, I've been using my spare time to create a Unity game with my sister which I've set a goal to have published to Steam by the end of 2025. I've also commit myself to spend an hour daily on Codecademy either working on my Machine Learning course or practing writing Python scripts to keep my skills sharpened and learn new concepts.   
